>> Sarah Drasner: So, Viget did
an experiment that despite some individual
variation, novel loaders
had a higher wait time and
lower abandon rate than generic ones.
If you know Val Head, she has a whole book
where she goes into all of these details
of these kind of things, so if like to
nerd out about this kind of information,
you should go buy her book,
because it's super, super good.
So she talks about this in that book, too.
This is kind of a custom
loader that you'd find,
if you wrote loader GIF on the Internet,
you would go find that GIF.
People waited for 14 seconds for
this GIF, just indefinitely.
This is not a fancy animation.
This is not that crazy.
They just took their logo and
have some dots.
But people were willing to
wait twice as long, and so
they had a lower abandon rate just by
caring like this much about the animation.
When you think about the kinds of
animations that you have on your site,
you can think about accents and
eases the same way that you'd
think about accents and pallets.
So, if you have an all green site,
and a bright red button as an accent,
you can do the same kind of
things with your animation.
You can have all sign eases and
then only in the part where you tell them
I got your information you do a bounce.
So, having a different kind of ease or
a different kind of event occur
can help people get like a dopamine
rush and say, something was different.
This is really good.
So if we're working with SVG
as like an aid to our website,
we could have it just like
a regular SVG as an image.
So you don't actually even
have to do much at all.
We could just have this
be an animated SVG, and
then it just kind of scales for
mobile, that's it.
It's just like a normal image.
You don't have to do all those fancy,
crazy, sprite things.
You might be like,
I don't want to work with SVG because then
I have to make a crazy thing, you don't
have to, you can just have it be just like
a normal, kind of, but animated image.